So if we want to track an object throughout multiple camera frames,
you definitely have to have a central track management system.
If you do not have overlap between sensors so you have some blind spot basically,
you can also predict your object throughout occlusions for a little bit.
That is okay. But if your gap is too large or
the object is also included for a longer period of time,
then there will be an ID switch,
the planner has to properly react on that too.
I think consecutive images are extremely correlated,
and that is a good thing.
It really depends on what you want to do.
If you want to find correspondences between consecutive images,
you actually make use of the fact that they are so
correlated because you can find many correspondences
and can compute optical flow which allows you to do many great things.
Optical flow is basically the 2D vector field,
it's a displacement of every pixel in the previous frame to a pixel in the current frame.
So if you have those correspondences,
you can do things like structure-from-motion,
you can do visual odometry,
and you can also do object tracking.
Structure-from-motion is basically the process of
inferring depth by moving through a scene.
You can basically reconstruct the 3D environment by either stereo,
or by structure from motion.
In stereo you have two images taken at the same time,
and there is a difference between the two images positions.
In structure-from-motion, you basically take
the same camera but take two consecutive images.
So the baseline or displacement is basically the time that you traveled,
the distance you traveled.
The great thing about that is you can extract that from a mono camera,
but only as long as you're moving.
That's one of the downsides of structure-from-motion.